🔨(frontend) add front script in make file (#1158)
openfun/joanie: CHANGELOG.md

- Add Offer rules to ProductRelationSerializer
- Add cron task to sync offering rules
- Language tab for offering rule

> - Add make rules to make front dev easier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add make rules to improve experience of frontend developments
```
